Well, here in Venezuela,
long before the crisis,
there weren’t so many financial problems
like we have today.
We could go to the stores, we could buy
the amount of food we wanted,
and life was peaceful.
For us,
the situation started to get really bad
five years ago.
It was hard to get any food at all,
even basic items.
When it came time to buy something,
well, it was all gone.
There were two elders that,
I can say,
were checking on me almost daily
—always asking
how much food I needed.
When I prepared it and served it,
my main concern
was that my children would get enough.
I always gave them more food.
Even though
my youngest boy would ask,
“Mommy, is that
what you’re going to eat?”
I would tell him,
“Yes, dear, I’m fine with this.”
Then he would say,
“I don’t think so.”
I would think, ‘I can handle this,’
but the amount that I was eating
just wasn’t enough for my body.
One Sunday morning, during the meeting,
I wasn’t feeling very well but,
thanks to Jehovah,
my daughter was nearby.
When I came to, she said,
“Mom, you fainted three times!”
I said, “That can’t be!”
So the brothers
immediately took me to the doctor.
I was diagnosed
as having severe malnutrition.
The brothers began a plan of action:
They brought food
that was already prepared
and, in fact, they would sit
by me until I finished my food.
I have not yet
fully recovered my body weight,
because I was a little heavier.
But healthwise,
I have felt very well.
The elders were always looking after me,
and that boosted my energy.
And definitely,
I never lost my joy.
And it’s all thanks to Jehovah!
Thanks to him because he
is the One who sustains me.
He clothes me, he feeds me,
and he gives me great friends.
That is what Jehovah gives me.